$Id:: ea3131_quickstart.txt 1659 2009-02-06 17:46:20Z pdurgesh         $

Embedded Artist EA3131 BSP quickstart guide

This quickstart guide will guide you step-by-step on how to install the
BSP, get the free CodeSourcery tools, do your first build using the
timer example, and then deploying and executing it using the LPC313x 
UART boot mode. See "Chapter 6 LPC3130/31 Internal Static Memory Controller
ISROM/Boot ROM" of LPC313x User manual for more details on UART boot mode.

Step 1 : Install the BSP
If you haven't installed the BSP yet, install it by simply unzipping
the BSP zip file in the in the C:/NXPMCU directory. You will need to
create the NXPMCU directory. After the BSP is unzipped. a directory
called 'SOFTWARE' should exist in the NXPMCU directory.

Step 2 : Download and install the free CodeCourcery tools
Go to http://www.codesourcery.com and download the latest verion of
the CodeSourcery Lite GNU toolchain for ARM processors. Download the
EABI version for Windows (IA32 Windows installer version). After the
tools are download, install them and restart your machine.

Step 3 : Setup the tool environment
Open a CMD shell (cmd.exe) by selecting the Run.. command from the
Windows start menu. Type in cmd.exe and start the CMD shell. In the
shell, switch to the C:/NXPMCU/SOFTWARE directory. Type the
following at the prompt:
	setenv ea3131 gnu
The BSP is now configured for the LPC313X chip with the EA3131
board and the CodeSourcery toolchain.

Step 4 : Setup the EA3131 board and terminal
Unpack the Embedded Artist LPC3131 board and connect a serial cable between a
PC and the serial connector on the board. EA3131 board has on board 
serial-to-USB chip to aid customers with new PCs which don't have RS232
port. Start a terminal program (TeraTerm is recommend and it is free) 
on the PC and set up the serial port for 115.2K-8-N-1.
Note, the default installation of TeraTerm Pro allows only upto COM4 ports.
The serial-to-USB bridge might enumerate as COM5 and above on some PCs.To 
increse the number of COM ports accessible by TeraTerm change the following
line in TERATERM.INI file present in the installation directory (
C:\Program Files\TTERMPRO).

   MaxComPort=4
   to
   MaxComPort=10

Step 5 : Board power up
Power up the board. Following message should appear on the terminal. 
"LPC31xx READY FOR PLAIN IMAGE>".
For setups using serial-to-USB bridge press reset botton on the board to 
see the message. This is need since the PC won't recognize the COM port 
until the board enumerates. By the time board enumerates the serial 
mesage is already sent.

Step 6 : Build the timer example
Go to the following directory:
	C:/NXPMCU/SOFTWARE/CSPS/lpc313x/bsps/ea3131/examples/timer_int
Type make to build the timer example. The LPC, CSP, and BSP libraries
and timer example executable will be built.

Step 7 : Download the executable to the board.
Using the terminal's send file function, send the
timer_demo.bin file in the ../examples/timer_int directory to the board.
Send the file as a binary file with no protocol support. After a
few seconds, the transfer should finish and "Download finished" 
message will appear.

Step 8 : The timer example starts executing immediately after  
download finishes. 
The GPIO2_BOOT2 LED on the board will start blinking at 10HZ rate 
(this is what the demo does). Also on terminal you could see the
msec counter changing every one second.

You have completed your first application on the EA3131 board.
Try some of the other applications by doing a make in another
example directory and repeating steps 7 and 8 for the example.
Good luck!
